It's a long story. Part 1. Judy Parker is 22.
She is a medical student. Judy is intelligent
and very pretty, with a good sense of humor. She
is a nice woman. Her boyfriend's name
is Sam Watson. Sam is 27. He works in a
bank as assistant manager. He is good looking but
he is not a very nice man. Judy loves Sam
very much. Sam loves money, cars, good food, whiskey,
travel and beautiful women. It's a long story. Part 2.
Judy is worried. She doesn't know where Sam
is. The bank manager doesn't know where Sam is either.
He is very worried. Sam is in
Brazil, in a small town on the coast near Rio
de Janeiro, with 50,000 pounds of the bank's money.
He is sitting in a barn near the beach, drinking
a large martini and writing a letter to Judy.
It's a long story. Part 3. Rio Tuesday. Darling Judy.
Well, here I am in Brazil. It's very warm
here and the sea is nice for swimming. The women
here are very beautiful and very, very friendly.
But I miss you, Judy. Please come and stay with
me in Brazil. Can you take the 1325 flight
from London to Rio on April the 14th? I'll meet
you at the airport. All my love, Sam. It's a
long story.
Part 4. Judy is at home. She lives in a
small flat near the bank. It's not very nice. She's
in the living
room drinking a cup of coffee and thinking. Judy is
very worried because she doesn't know what to do.
She loves Sam and she doesn't want to tell the
police where he is. But she doesn't want to go
to Rio
either. She wants a quiet life. Judy goes to the
window and looks out. There's a police car in the
street.
Two big policemen are walking towards her house. It's a
long story. Part 5.
Hello. Is that Croxton 43122? Dr. Wagner? Listen, Dr. Wagner.
This is Judy. Yes. Judy Parker. Listen.
I'm in very bad trouble. Can you help? Trouble with
Sam and the bank and the police. I haven't got
time to explain.
Yes. Okay. Please come to my house at once with
your car as fast as you can. It's really urgent.
23. Carlton Road. Turn right up the station and it's
the second street on your left. Please, Holly.
Oh, and come to the back door. It's a long
story.
Part 6. Dr. Wagner and Judy are on their way
to the airport in Dr. Wagner's car.
There is enough a car behind them with a pretty
blue lamp on top. Dr. Wagner accelerates and the police
car disappears.
It's not the problem, Judy. I can't explain. It's too
complicated.
I know what it is. It's that son. I did
like him at all. He's a very dishonest young man.
Sam is my boyfriend and I love him. He has
sensitive eyes and beautiful hands.
Sam. It's a long story. Part 7.
Please go to the other hand. First class or tourist?
Oh, tourist, please.
Judy checks in and goes through passport control to the
departure gate. On the plane she finds a seat by
the window.
A young man comes and sits down by her. Judy
looks at him. He is tall and dark, about 25
and very well dressed.
Judy is not interested in him. He has dark brown
eyes, a straight nose, a wide humorous mouth and strong
brown hands with long sensitive fingers.
He is incredibly handsome. Judy looks out of the window.
It's a long story. Part 8.
Excuse me. Would you like a drink? Oh, yes. Thank
you very much. Are we still pleased?
The young man gave Judy her drink and smiled at
her. He had an incredibly attractive smile. He really looked
very nice, calm, friendly and kind.
Perhaps he's a doctor, she thought. A surgeon with those
strong, sensitive hands. Or perhaps an artist. Or a musician.
Yes. He looked like an artist. She looked at him
again and smiled. What time is it, please? 25. Thank
you.
He smiled at her. She smiled back at him. He
smiled again. He took a down out of his pocket,
stood up and walked to the front of the plane.
It's a long story. Part 9.
Good afternoon. This is your hijacker speaking. We are now
flying at 550 miles per hour at the height of
29,000 feet. In approximately one and a half hours,
we will be over the north of Scotland. I wish
you a pleasant flight.
Judy's head was going round and round. First Sam, then
the police, and now the hijacker. Where would it all
end? Life was really much too complicated. She drank her
whiskey. They didn't make any difference. She looked out of
the window. The sky was full of big, dark clouds.
So was her head.
Sometime later, the plane started going down. The pilot's door
opened and the hijacker came out, still holding his gun.
He walked up to her and smiled. You know, you're
in here extremely beautiful. Come on, put on your parachute.
Judy fainted. It's a long story. Part 10. Judy opened
her eyes.
The sun was shining and the cool wind was blowing
on her face. She felt very light and happy.
Hold on, Mom. A hundred feet above Loch Ness. Can
you swim? Judy fainted again.
When she opened her eyes, she was lying on the
bank of the lock with her head on her parachute.
I'll only to introduce myself.
Meaning it was Jasper McDonald. Why did you hijack the
plane? It's my birthday. Now let's go to my castle
and find some dry clothes.
It's a long story. Part 11. It didn't take long
to get to Jasper's castle. It was an enormous building.
About half a mile from Loch Ness with tall towers,
bottle mints and a moat, and at least 200 rooms.
What a play! Well, it's not much, but it's home.
Let me show you to your room, and I'll see
if I can find you some of my sister's clothes.
Judy room was about ten minutes' walk from the main
entrance, up a lot of stairs, and along a lot
of corridors.
It was beautiful. They created a light-blued line look
with some wonderful pieces of antique furniture.
There was a splendid view of the lock and the
mountains. This is lovely. How many of you live here?
Just my sister and I, and the ghost, of course.
See you later.
It's a long story. Part 12. Judy had a bath,
and then put on some of Jasper's sister's clothes. They
fitted her perfectly.
She looked at herself in the mirror, smiled, frowned, and
went downstairs.
Hello? Did I tell you how beautiful you are? Yes,
you did.
Fine. Let me show you around the castle before tea.
And I want to go for tea.
This part of the castle is built in 1580. I
want to go to Rio.
This is a portrait of my ancestor Donald McDonald. I'm
going to see my girlfriend's farm.
He's a friend of King James VI. I love him.
James VI? Maybe you've found my girlfriend's farm.
Oh, Sam Watson. You don't want to see him? Yes,
I do. No, you don't.
This is a portrait of my ancestor McDonald McDonald. How
do you know Sam? He's a friend of King Robert
Deuce.
Sam? No, you fool. McDonald. You don't want to see
Sam? You'll just stay here with me. I love you.
Out of a door came an old man with white
hair and a very strange clothes. He was carrying his
head under his arm. He looked very like the portrait.
The ghost? You don't want to go and see Sam?
You want to stay here with Jasper?
It's a long story.
Part 13. Sam Watson was standing at the arrival's gate
at Rio Airport holding a bunch of flowers. He was
worried.
Judas Plain was three hours late and nobody knew why.
Sam walked over to the bar and had a drink.
He walked back to the arrival's gate. No news.
He walked back to the bar and had a rubber
drink. Still no news. Back to the bar. Two hours
and eight drinks later Judas Plain landed.
And after another half hour the passengers started coming out.
Sam smiled and looked for Judas.
After a time he stopped smiling. Finally the last passenger
came through. It wasn't Judas. Sam said a big bad
word. What had happened? He went over to the information
desk.
My name is Sam Watson. Have you got any messages
for me?
No. A terrible message from Scotland.
Mr. Sam Watson, Rio Airport. Haven't my holiday? Don't come
back. Love Jasper McDonald.
Sam said another big bad word. Tore up the paper
and gave the flowers to the stewardess. What time is
the next plane to London?
Behind Sam a tall beautiful girl was listening to his
conversation. When she heard the word London, she smiled.
It's a long story. Part 14. As the night plane
took off, Sam closed his eyes. He loved travelling but
he was always a little afraid of flying.
He couldn't really understand how the plane stayed up in
the air. Also he was worried about what could happen
to him.
Would there be detectives waiting for him at London airport?
It was crazy to leave Brazil. In Brazil there was
some, freedom and beautiful women.
He could have been happy for years with his £50
,000. In Britain there was a role in trouble, policeman
and a strong chance of prison.
But he had to see Judy. Judy was different. Judy
was special. Sam smiled and opened his eyes.
Next to him, they were sitting a tall, incredibly beautiful
girl. Hello. My name's Sam. I know. My name's Detective
Sam in London.
Sam closed his eyes again. It's a long story. Part
15.
When Judy woke up the next morning, the sun was
shining, the birds were singing and everything was beautiful.
Her room was lovely and she felt fine. There was
a muck on the door and then walked the ghost,
carrying a cup of tea.
Do you sleep well?
Yes, beautifully. And go to for a wonderful dinner last
night.
The ghost blushed.
No good room.
It was just a sin for you. I am glad
you enjoyed it.
The evening before, after a magnificent dinner cooked by the
ghost, Judy and Jasper had talked far into the night
about life, love, art, death, music, books, travel, philosophy, religion,
politics, economics, astronomy, biochemistry, archaeology,
and many other subjects. Most of all, they had talked
about themselves and when they had said good night, Jasper
had kissed her, very gently.
She could still feel the touch of his lips. What
a perfect evening. Judy smiled at the memory.
She stopped smiling. She had to go to Rio to
see Sam.
Sam was her boyfriend. She loved him. The sun went
behind a cloud. The birds stopped singing.
Judy started getting dressed as fast as she could. It's
a long story.
Part 16. When Sam woke up, he felt terrible. He
had a headache and there was a horrible taste in
his mouth.
He looked out of the window. The sun was shining
and threw a gap in the clouds he could see
the sea. It was a long way down.
Sam shivered and turned to look at Detective Sergeant Honeybone.
She looked fresh and lovely, even more beautiful than even
before.
Good morning. Did you see it now? No. Excuse me.
He got up and walked forward to the toilets. After
watching the shave, Sam felt a little better. He brushed
his hair, put his jacket back on, and looked at
his tongue in the mirror. Not a pretty sight.
Sam put his tongue back in, took out his gun,
and looked at his watch. Time to move.
He came out of the toilet, glanced down quickly, and
then walked to the front of the plane. Opening the
door of the cockpit, he stepped inside.
This is a hijack. Take me to Loch Ness. Oh,
God. Not again. What's this special about Loch Ness?
Jasper McDonald.
It's a long story. Part 17. Judy ran downstairs and
into the dining room. No Jasper. Over the ghost.
Come over here for you.
Would you like some breakfast?
Where's Jasper?
He's gone out.
Oh dear. When did you pay the credit card to
you?
Quickly, she got a note to Jasper.
Jasper, it was wonderful, but I have to go. I'm
sorry. I wanted to say goodbye to you, but perhaps
if you're bitter, like this.
Thank you for a beautiful memory. Judy.
She said goodbye to the ghost, who looked sad, and
walked out of the castle. Not far along the road,
there was a bus stop.
If she could get to him the mess before lunch,
she could catch the afternoon plane to London, and buy
some new clothes before catching the night flight to Rio.
Tomorrow morning, she could be in Sam's arms. How wonderful.
Judy started crying.
At the bus stop, Judy read the timetable.
Busy threw the mess around every three hours, but she
was lucky, but it was one in 20 minutes.
As she stood waiting, she looked out over the lake.
A few hundred yards away, there was a man fishing
in a boat. She could hear him singing in the
clear still air.
He had a wonderful voice. The voice said Judy recognized,
and he was singing an old Scottish love song.
It was Jasper.
Tears came into Judy's eyes, and she looked away from
the boat, up into the peaceful sky.
High above a lot of nests, a golden eagle was
flying in circles.
There were pretty little clouds looking like spushes of white
paint against the deep blue, and two parachutes.
It's a long story, part 18.
Sam and Detective Sergeant Honeyburne hit the water together.
Sam went under, and came up.
He shouted, going under again.
I can't swim!
He shouted as he came up again and went under
for the third time.
Sam's life passed in front of his eyes as he
went down, down, down into the green water.
His childhood in London, visiting his mother and father in
prison, his first girlfriend, his first bank robbery, Judy.
Judy. He had never seen her again.
Don't worry, you lovely man! I'm an Olympic fan of
me, the gold medals!
Detective Sergeant Honeyburne swam over to Sam with beautiful, strong
strokes.
Put him under the arms as he came up again,
and started pulling him towards the boat.
How's the bell?
What are you doing here, and why have you got
sailing with you?
Please, the last person I went to see.
It's a long story. I'll tell you later. Wait, why
don't you Sam, the kiss of life?
I don't need the kiss of life. Are you what
you do?
It's a long story.
Part 19.
All right. As it is, we'd better go back to
the castle and find you some dry clothes.
Pity, who's hoping for a quiet mamaing's fishing?
Jasper rode the boat over to the bank of the
lock, and they got out.
Detective Sergeant Honeyburne picked up soon in her beautiful, strong
arms, and they started walking down the road towards the
castle.
As they passed the bus stop, Jasper walked over to
Judy, who was staring up at the sky.
Good morning, you beautiful creature.
Going shopping? Don't forget lunch is at 12.50. Judy
turned her back, tears streaming down her face.
Don't talk to me about lunch. I'm going to read
for Sam.
It's Sam's here.
Don't try to talk around to me. I've made up
my mind enough.
She turned around and looked across the road.
Standing with a soft smile on her lips, looking down
at Sam, with his lying in her arms with his
eyes closed.
Judy's mouth fell open.
It's a long story.
Part 20.
Who the fuck woman?
Mary introduced my sister Isabelle. Isabelle, this is Judy. If
you're Jasper's sister, why is your name Honeyburne?
It's a long story. Do not kiss Sam. Put that
mind down next one.
Who is that woman? The girl she's very nice with
her. Sam, sit down. He's not feeling but a song.
That's all right. I'm a medical student. I'm looking after
him.
Oh no. You're not playing doctors with my Sam.
You're a leading.
She's not your Sam. She's my Sam. Take my sweat
off at one.
Come on, ladies, please. Stop! Sam, the person is a
mad woman. It's all right, Sam.
They've put any attention to her. I'll look after you.
Sam, where are you going? Sam, come back!
It's a long story.
Part 21.
Northeast Highlands Police Control, calling all cars. Calling all cars.
The hijackers of the Boeing 707 from Rio are believed
to be in the Loch Ness area after leaving the
plane by parachute about 20 minutes ago.
Proceeded once to the vicinity of Castle Clan Donald and
begin searching.
Description as follows.
Man, British, medium-height, dark-hear, small moustache, small brown
eyes wearing a blue suit and black shoes.
He is believed to be Sam Watson, who is wanted
in connection with a series of bank robberies.
He is carrying a gun and may be dangerous.
Woman nationality unknown, tall, blond, blue eyes.
Attractive, athletic build wearing dark clothes and shoes. Nothing is
known about her identity.
Approach these people with caution. Repeat. Approach with caution.
It's a long story.
Part 22.
When Chocolate Cavity was a little boy, he always wanted
to be a bus driver.
His father hoped he would go into the family business
and did not know what a right thing to be
a doctor.
The joke just wasn't interested. He loved buses. All kinds
of buses.
He loved the way they looked, the smell of a
diesel fuel and most of all the wonderful noise they
made.
When he was 14, he went on his first real
holiday, a bus trip to the south of England and
back.
When he left school two years later, he went straight
into the Highland Bus Company.
Now, Jock was one of the company's most experienced drivers,
working on the Fort William infamous route.
This morning was fairly typical. He had eight passengers on
board.
It would probably pick up one or two more on
the way.
There were about 20 minutes late.
Jock had stopped to pick up a few and had
checked at Strassner-Hoolish Post Office, but it didn't matter.
The late was not a word of any great importance
in the Scottish Islands.
Jock leaned forward and looked on his seat and smiled.
It was a lovely day. The sun was shining on
the lock, and the bus was running beautifully.
Jock changed gear as they started up a long hill
towards Clann Donald Castle.
It's a long story. Part 23. The Loch Ness Monster.
Loch Ness is in a mincely deep lake in the
northeastern Highlands of Scotland.
It is overlooked by booed in hills and wild moorland,
the perfect setting for strange and unexplained events.
In 1933, a motorist on the new lakeside road saw
a tremendous upheaval in the lock.
The waters churned and boiled, and a huge monster, its
body the size of a whale broke the surface.
The incident was reported in the local paper, and seeing
a national press was buzzing with news of what came
to be called the Loch Ness Monster.
But legendings of large water creatures in Loch Ness go
back much further than 1933.
In the 6th century A.D., the Irish missionary St.
Columba, was said to have banished a monster which attacked
a swimmer.
And local folk tales, going back centuries, speak of water
horses, and water bulls, and haliting Loch Ness.
Scientists have seriously suggested that large creatures may have been
stranded in the Loch when 60 million years ago it
was cut off from the sea.
Perhaps their descendants live there still, but despite hazy photographs,
mostly highly magnified of strange humps in the water, there
is very little evidence as yet to go on.
It's a long story, part 24.
In a hot light Porsche, Dr. Watson was getting a
little impatient.
She was in a hurry to get to her hotel
in Inverness and have a bath and a rest, after
driving over night from London.
But for the last 15 miles she had been stuck
behind a bus while driving very slowly in the middle
of the road, and it seemed impossible to get past.
Calm down Mary, she said to herself. You've got plenty
of time.
She started thinking about the holiday that was just starting.
Every year she drove up to the Scottish Highlands and
spent two weeks looking for the Loch Ness Monster.
Dr. Wagner was a member of the West London Society
for the investigation of strange and unexplained phenomena.
And she was very interested in monsters, ghosts, flying sources
and things of that kind.
She had never yet seen anything in Loch Ness, but
she always had a wonderful holiday and went back home
feeling happy and relaxed.
She had a feeling about this year though. This year
was going to be special. Somehow she just knew.
A sudden noise brought her out of her dreams. She
looked in the mirror. Behind her the road was full
of police cars, with lights flashing and sirens howling.
Dr. Wagner frowned. She didn't like police cars.
With new youth making all that noise, she'd never do
past the bus.
It's a long story. Part 25. Down at the bottom
of Loch Ness, things were very calm.
The monster scratched her ear with the third leg on
the light and decided that it was time to do
something.
If she didn't usually go up to the surface during
the day because the light hurt her eyes.
But she was getting bored out of her mind sitting
down at the bottom of the Loch, with nothing to
do except talk to the fish.
She scratched her ear again, yawned, stretched and started swimming
slowly up towards the light.
The fighting was later, the monster reached the surface, stuck
her head and 15 meters of neck out of the
water, and looked around.
She closed her eyes and opened them again. It was
a little difficult to understand what was happening.
The Scotland was generally a fairly quiet place, but today
a lot of things seem to be going on.
On the bank of the Loch, two women were fighting.
A man was trying to stop them. Another man was
trying to learn to swim.
The road was full of cars with pretty blue lights
on top coming from all directions.
A helicopter landed on the bank of the Loch, as
some soldiers got out and laid down.
There was a bus driving along very slowly with the
driver looking out of the window.
The bus driver caught sight of the monster and drove
into the Loch.
The two women stopped fighting and stood with their mouths
open.
All the police cars crashed into each other.
The sports car stopped and the women got out and
started taking photographs.
It was all too much.
The monster closed her eyes and went back down to
the bottom of the Loch.
It's a long story, part 26.
Hello, Judy. What are you doing here? I'll bet you're
in Rio.
It's a long story. I'll tell you later. Did you
see the monster?
Wasn't she just wonderful? I got hundreds of photos.
I'm sorry to interrupt, but I think this is a
very good time to go on holiday.
Isabelle, go and get Sam out of the water and
follow us up to the castle.
Judy, come with me. I hope the ghost remembered to
fill the plane up with petrol.
Ghost? You have a ghost in your castle. A ghost?
Come on and ask him. You can meet him. But
hurry.
20 seconds later, they drove into the front gate of
the castle in Dr. Wagner's Porsche.
And a minute or so after that, Isabelle ran up
carrying Sam over her shoulder.
The ghost closed the gate and led the way to
the back of the castle.
There, standing on the glass, shining in the sun, was
a powerful-looking, six-seater airplane.
Get in. You haven't got a moment to lose.
Then I come too. I must talk about the eco
-forest.
Of course, but get in fast or you'll be talking
to our wonderful police.
Fast and seatbelts, everybody. Take off in 15 seconds.
Going to go.
Real.
That's where you wanted to go, isn't it? Sounds good
to me.
Yes, sir. I would be the blind blind who. I
love you.
It's a long story. Part 27. As the plane flew
peacefully southwest across the Atlantic,
Judy put her head on just a shoulder and closed
her eyes.
I'm so glad I'm in love with you instead of
Sam. It's much nicer.
I'm sure we're going to be very happy together. Do
you think the others will be all right?
I think so.
Judy listened to the fragments of conversation that came from
the seats behind.
Isabel, you're my favorite detective. Will you teach me to
swim?
Have some more champagne, Ghost. Yes, please. Goody.
You've got beautiful eyes, Sam. Can ghosts get married?
Sounds all right. Tell me. Are you ready to deliver?
How did you get your money?
What do you do, actually? How did you get to
leave Sam?
Why did you really hijack that plane?
I'll tell you later. It's a long story.